Adding onboarding docs and configuring live preview (#5333)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/hipdnn/docs/user-guides/reference/miopen-plugin.rst

     - FP16, BFP16, FP32
     - NCHW, NHWC, NCDHW, NDHWC
     - Spatial mode only¹
   * - Batchnorm Inference + DRelu + Backward 
     - FP16, BFP16, FP32 
     - NCHW, NHWC, NCDHW, NDHWC
     - Fused graph³
   * - Batchnorm Training
     - FP16, BFP16, FP32
     - NCHW, NHWC, NCDHW, NDHWC
     - Spatial mode only¹, No running stats⁴
   * - Batchnorm Training + Activation
     - FP16, BFP16, FP32
     - NCHW, NHWC, NCDHW, NDHWC
     - Fused graph³ ⁴
   * - Batchnorm Backward 
     - FP16, BFP16, FP32
     - NCHW, NHWC, NCDHW, NDHWC
     - Spatial mode only¹
   * - Convolution Dgrad 
     - FP16, BFP16, FP32
     - NCHW, NHWC, NCDHW, NDHWC
     - Cross-correlation only²
   * - Convolution Forward
     - FP16, BFP16, FP32
     - NCHW, NHWC, NCDHW, NDHWC
     - Cross-correlation only²
   * - Convolution Forward + (Bias) + Activation⁵ 
     - FP16, BFP16, FP32
     - NCHW, NHWC, NCDHW, NDHWC
     - Fused graph²³
   * - Convolution Wgrad 
     - FP16, BFP16, FP32
     - NCHW, NHWC, NCDHW, NDHWC
     - Cross-correlation only²

.. note::

  - For annotations ¹ through ⁴, refer to :ref:`operations`.
  - For annotation ⁵, see :ref:`detailed` for more information.

.. _detailed:

> Detailed requirements

Reviewer: Nested headings

=====================

Convolution Forward + (Bias) + Activation
-----------------------------------------

Convolution forward node
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Compute data type: FP32

> - Y tensor

Reviewer: This is showing up as bold in the preview. It probably shouldn't be. Likely a rst gotcha (might need an extra blank line below before nested list).

.. Is custom knob support not operational yet?

This table lists all configuration knobs supported by the MIOpen Provider plugin:

.. |br| raw:: html

    <br />

.. list-table::
   :widths: 3 3 3 3 3 5
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Knob
     - Type
     - Scope
     - Default
     - Valid Range
     - Description
   * - ``global.benchmarking``
     - Integer (int64)
     - All Operations
     - 0 (disabled)
     - 0-1
     - Enable benchmarking mode for kernel selection
   * - ``global.workspace`` |br| ``_size_limit``
     - Integer (int64)
     - Convolution operations only
     - Maximum
     - Dynamic (solver-dependent)
     - Maximum workspace memory in bytes

.. note::

  The ``global.workspace_size_limit`` knob is *only available* for convolution operations (Forward, Backward Data, Backward Weights). It's not supported for batchnorm or other operations.

Knob benchmarking
-----------------

The MIOpen Provider plugin uses the ``global.benchmarking`` knob to control whether MIOpen performs kernel benchmarking to find the optimal solver for a given operation. It's an Integer (int64) type Knob, and it has these values:

> - ``0`` (Benchmarking disabled (default)): MIOpen uses heuristics to select a kernel. The first execution is relatively fast, but it may not use the optimal kernel for your specific configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``0`` (Benchmarking disabled (default)): MIOpen uses heuristics to select a kernel. The first execution is relatively fast, but it might not use the optimal kernel for your specific configuration.
```

.. meta::
  :description: The MIOpen provider plugin serves as the kernel provider. It employs a modular C++ architecture, largely decoupled from the API layer.
  :keywords: hipDNN, ROCm, API, MIOpen

.. _miopen:

*********************************
MIOpen provider operation support
*********************************

> The MIOpen provider adds a number of MIOpen operations to hipDNN.

Reviewer 2: MIopen should be hyperlinked

> MIOpen is the AMD deep-learning primitives library for GPUs. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
MIOpen is an AMD ROCm deep-learning primitives library for GPUs. 
```
